task-1/README.md, before:

**Usage example:**
1. _-a (--action)_ is **encode**

```bash
$ node my_caesar_cli -a encode -s 7 -i "./input.txt" -o "./output.txt"
```
> input.txt
> `This is secret. Message about "_" symbol!`

> output.txt
> `Aopz pz zljyla. Tlzzhnl hivba "_" zftivs!`

```bash
$ node my_caesar_cli --action encode --shift 7 --input plain.txt --output encoded.txt
```
> plain.txt
> `This is secret. Message about "_" symbol!`

> encoded.txt
> `Aopz pz zljyla. Tlzzhnl hivba "_" zftivs!`

2. _-a (--action)_ is **decode**  
   _Decoding encoded initial string with the same -s(--shift) number produces the initial string._

```bash
$ node my_caesar_cli --action decode --shift 7 --input encoded.txt --output plain.txt
```

> encoded.txt
> `Aopz pz zljyla. Tlzzhnl hivba "_" zftivs!`

> plain.txt
> `This is secret. Message about "_" symbol!`

3. _(Optional) Negative shift handling_

```bash
$ node my_caesar_cli --action encode --shift -1 --input plain.txt --output encoded.txt
```

> plain.txt
> `This is secret. Message about "_" symbol!`

> encoded.txt
> `Sghr hr rdbqds. Ldrrzfd zants "_" rxlank!`

Commit message:

Add more description, fix long shift error, add negative shift function, add letter register check

task-1/README.md, after:

##How to start

```bash
$ yarn install
```
###How to use

CLI tool can accept 4 options (short alias and full name):

-s, --shift: a shift
-i, --input: an input file
-o, --output: an output file
-a, --action: an action encode/decode

**Usage example:**
1. _-a (--action)_ is **encode**

```bash
$ node my_caesar_cli -a encode -s 7 -i "./input.txt" -o "./output.txt"
```
> input.txt
> `This is secret. Message about "_" symbol!`

> output.txt
> `Aopz pz zljyla. Tlzzhnl hivba "_" zftivs!`

```bash
$ node my_caesar_cli --action encode --shift 7 --input plain.txt --output encoded.txt
```
> plain.txt
> `This is secret. Message about "_" symbol!`

> encoded.txt
> `Aopz pz zljyla. Tlzzhnl hivba "_" zftivs!`

2. _-a (--action)_ is **decode**  
   _Decoding encoded initial string with the same -s(--shift) number produces the initial string._

```bash
$ node my_caesar_cli --action decode --shift 7 --input encoded.txt --output plain.txt
```

> encoded.txt
> `Aopz pz zljyla. Tlzzhnl hivba "_" zftivs!`

> plain.txt
> `This is secret. Message about "_" symbol!`

3. _(Optional) Negative shift handling_

```bash
$ node my_caesar_cli --action encode --shift -1 --input plain.txt --output encoded.txt
```

> plain.txt
> `This is secret. Message about "_" symbol!`

> encoded.txt
> `Sghr hr rdbqds. Ldrrzfd zants "_" rxlank!`
